hello and welcome to episode 1 of roost
and Todd's tank specialization guide
this is todd here and this will be the
first episode in a series where we will
be covering all the specializations for
the tanks in battlefield 3 so let's stop
with the iOS felt right away over to
rooster well thank you todd let me read
you the official description of the only
countermeasure specialization for tanks
written by dice themselves on battlelog
smoke grenades and honest with muscle
filaments that when launched remove
laser designation spoof incoming guided
missiles and prevent animals from
revealing your position to teammates to
unlock this perk you need to gather 800
main battle tank score now let's move on
to some gameplay where we will show you
how to trigger it and how it looks when
you do it alright so it's very simple to
use actually represented countermeasures
button which by default is X you will
deploy a smoke screen which you can see
here very clearly also the cooldown is
11 seconds long and the rebbe status can
be seen on the left side of the first
person you I and you can also hear a
sound when it's ready to fire again so
yeah with that said let's continue the
Todd and some further information thanks
rooster hi young guys let me introduce
you to the 5 pros of the IR smoke which
we have been preparing for you in this
video we will cover them one by one in
clips so that you can visualize what
they all do in actual gameplay rule
number one prevents missile logs here
you can see an incumbent yet locking on
to attack and before the lock actually
finishes the tank will press the X
button the locking process
Kasim
here in the second example we will only
focus on the yacht's view so you can see
how early it cancels the local
processing in the last tip the device
motion before the lock casting of the
gun just to show you that the smoke
doesn't have to be deployed during a
lock to prevent you from getting tourism
Pro number two misleads enemy sides in
this and the next clip you will see from
the attacking points of view how the
smoke works when deployed after a
missile lock is done and a projectile is
fired and now we will show you how this
looks from the tanks point of view you
can hear the sound of an incoming
missile the tank process X and let me
sir mrs.
this also works when the tank is moving
the pre actor was still miss the target
I should also note that deploying the
smoke on the run early during a lock
process will cancel it the smoke
problem number three blocks and a
massage in this clip we will demonstrate
how bowie accomplishments can be hard to
determine when smoke is deployed and
anime fire is coming from the opposite
side of the cover in this particular
example is quite obvious that the tank
is backing up but we assume you get the
point anyways now we will play a series
of clips demonstrating a scenario where
a soldier's pinned down by an animus
Nyberg and can't move off the position
in the middle for this our tag the
lantern the first small cover to rock
the size of the sniper that will allow
his teammate to run across the street to
save
through number 4 counters thermal optics
you can see the clear effectiveness of
the IRS worked with thermal optics in
this video with small speech with them
rule number five is removed / max this
works the same way as normal with a lock
the less pain of the council at all
times and it will also miss the smoke is
deployed after the shots file announcer
the cons for this specialization we are
thought about this and the only thing we
could come up with is that you and your
teammates can't see shit in this small
cloud as well so here is a necessary
video showing you just that hello guys
welcome to the end of our video this is
true still talking and of me and thought
would appreciate your feedback on this
video its first we do we have ever done
so yeah please leave some feedback in
e-commerce or something yeah right
subscribe if you liked it watch the next
video you can click it on the screen
right here and I will see you later